Announcer | Good morning, citizens. This is the morning edition of the TV news on News23 and I'm your anchor, Brian Woods. In the news of the past week. 
Announcer | Over the past week, citizens of the capital city celebrated City Day, which took place on May 4. 
Announcer | Cultural exhibits, contests for anyone interested, and a 3-day weekend delighted us during the celebration. 
Announcer | The city administration thanks the volunteers who took part in the events, and wishes the citizens a productive working week.  

  

Announcer | In other news. Over the past 3 years, employees of the Gromova Research Institute, in cooperation with a number of international research centers ... 
Announcer | have conducted a number of experiments on the teleportation. 
Announcer | According to the assurance of the institute's staff, this research in the future will revolutionize the logistics of enterprises and  ...
Announcer | possibly, civilian movements. Let's hear from field reporter Edward Wilson on the scene. Edward, you have the floor. 

  

Edward | I am at a press conference with the leading researcher of the Gromov Research Institute, Anatoly Leonovich. 
Edward | I should note the excitement about holding a press conference with such a distinguished scientist, it's not going to be easy to get a personal interview.  

  

Brian | That's for sure, Eddie, don't drown in the crowd of rival reporters. What issues have been raised so far at the conference?  

  

Edward | At this point we know that experiments have been successfully conducted on material objects no larger than the size of a teapot. 
Edward | Moving larger loads and even people is a matter of time according to the assurances of the research team. Also at the conference were considered ... 



Brian | Eddie? What's the matter with you? Edward!  

  

Edward | I wish I knew. There is an explosion in the Research Institute building, blowing out the windows on the first three floors. Panic is rising in the crowd.  

  

Brian | You should get out of there as soon as possible.  

  

Edward | We are trying to leave the scene as soon as possible, the siren has sounded in the building. We're on our way to the parking lot... HOLY SHIT!  

  

Brian | What have you got!?  

  

Edward | What in God's name happened? A TeleNews cameraman just disappeared in front of our eyes!  

  

Brian | What do you mean?  

  

Edward | What's not to understand?! He just disappeared, vanished, vanished, vanished without a trace. All that was left of him was the camera he was holding.  

  

Brian | Cut the broadcast! 